CIE-5648 - Edge upgrade from 2025.0.6 (or older versions) to 2026.0.2 fails (#4972)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/edge/edge-2026.0.3-operator-crash-while-upgrading-to-2026-0-2.md

---
date: 2026-01-04

> title: Fix Edge operator crash when upgrading from versions earlier than 2025.0.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed Edge operator crash when upgrading from versions earlier than 2025.0.7
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Edge
component:
  - value: component-g7hnfbu4J
    label: Edge
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-nJH2U7g3u
    label: edge
ticket: CIE-5648
version: 2026.0.3
---

> Fixed a regression in `2026.0.2` that caused the Edge operator to crash while upgrading deployments originally installed with versions earlier than `2025.0.7`. The issue occurred because the Edge custom resource (CR) in these deployments did not contain the `spec.cumulocityPasswordSecretName` field, which was introduced in `2025.0.7`. The operator now correctly handles these upgrades without crashing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change fixes a regression in `2026.0.2` that caused the Edge operator to crash while upgrading deployments originally installed with versions earlier than `2025.0.7`. The issue occurred because the Edge custom resource (CR) in these deployments did not contain the `spec.cumulocityPasswordSecretName` field, which was introduced in `2025.0.7`. The operator now correctly handles these upgrades without crashing.
```
